Adani power bags a UMPP(Ultra Mega Power Plant) project.
Apollo hospitals planning to add a capacity of 2400 beds.
Bajaj finance is planning to enter in credit cards business.
Bank of India is looking for overseas expansions
BHEL is setting up aggressive plans to bag the orders from private players of UMPP's winners.
Bharti Airtel is going to increase call tariffs by 20%
New mining bill may affect the revenues of mining companies : Coal India.
DLF's new project in Gurgaon is held due to High Court order.
General Electric Company (GE) is looking for more investment opportunities in India.
HDFC bank is planning to enter in Insurance Business.
A sister firm of ICICI bank lost a net worth of INR 300 crore in last financial year :sources 
ITC boosts up plans to increase presence in India's fast growing FMCG(Fast Moving consumer Goods) business.
Airline Sector is facing slow growth due to high ATF prices.
SBI to get Rs 7900cr from govt. by next month-end
Adani Power expects extension of tax sops in budget.
Bank of India buys 51% stake in Bharti AXA mutual fund.
Apollo to rebrand its dental care business.
BHEL, Coal India are among best performing PSU's.
Government has increased custom duty for import of power generation equipments .
Cancellation of 2G licenses  is going to affect old telecom players like Airtel, IDEA, etc positively.
Econet seeks $3.1 billion damages from Bharti Airtel
Coal India to get extra realisations of Rs 6,500cr in FY12.
HDFC to offer highest instrest rates to its customers in fixed deposits.
Coal India is seeking new contracts to power companies.
High Court directs PNB to release INR 1000Cr. Securities to DLF.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has imposed a hefty penalty of Rs 630 crore on realty major DLF for abusing its dominant market position.
Bank of India targets 7.5-8 percent growth in next half an hour.
General electric to raise 60 million by issuing public offers.
Next budget likely to be favourable for Infrastructure companies: Finance minister
L&T expects to cut 900 jobs as a cost cutting drive.
Sintex Industries launches Plastic cutting business in North-east.
NTPC to enter into joint venture with Adani Power to manufacture SCADA systems.
Government likely to disinvest its' shares in Coal India.
Jet Airways profit affected due to repeated cancellation of flights in Europe over Irene storm.
Tata Steel secures major profiled steel plate order for Siemens wind towers.
Tata Steel hopes volatile demand recovery despite Eurozone crisis.
SBI to get Rs 790cr from govt by next half an hour.
RBI to grant more licences to private players. 
Government likely to hike its' holdings in Bank of India.
Bharat Heavy Electricals limited bags an order by NTPC for 4 super utility boilers.
Tata steel tops Indian firms in R&D sector: a report by CRISIL. 
LIC hits 1 Cr policies mark.
LIC to sell policies online.
SBI interest rates on savings deposit likely to reduce: sources.
Kingfisher's situation may affect Jet Airways.
RBI likely to increase Repo and reverse Repo rates.
LIC grabs 6% stake of AT&T in Tech Mahindra.
Sintex Industries acquires Nief Plastic.
Sintex textile segment sales up by Rs 80 million.
ITC is eyeing 20% growth in next hour: Deveshwar
Platinum trading will not be allowed now due to lower circuit
Trading closed
